About Norwegian Refugee Council:
The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) is a non-governmental, humanitarian organization with 60 years of experience in helping to create a safer and more dignified life for refugees and internally displaced people. NRC advocates for the rights of displaced populations and offers assistance within the shelter, education, emergency food security, legal assistance, and water,sanitation and hygiene sectors.

The Norwegian Refugee Council has approximately 5000 committed and competent employees involved in projects across four continents. In addition, NRC runs one of the world’s largest standby rosters -NORCAP, with 650 professionals, ready to be deployed on 72 hours notice when a crisis occurs
Purpose of the job:
The purpose of the Finance Officer position is to provide Financial or technical support in a specialist area of work, either support functions or Core Competences. He/ She is responsible for some financial tasks which are mentioned in further detail as bellow.
Such as verification of all financial documents, payments, preparing monthly financial reports, tax reports, recording financial record(Soft/Hard) and any other tasks which assign by his supervisor.
Job Description:
Implement NRC’s systems and procedures at area level
Ensure adherence to NRC policies, handbooks, guidelines and donor requirements.
Be responsible for verifying of payments to contractors, & other payments as stipulated in the contract/agreement(s) & in line with NRC Financial policies and procedures.
Analysis financial information and prepare financial reports in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Maintain all financial records properly (hard copy and soft version).
Verification of staff salary payroll, perdiem, overtime, travel and other allowances.
Shall arrange hawala agent/money exchanger for transferring money to NRC office, and beneficiary payments.
Shall verify all purchase requests and cash advances.
Supervise, monitor the postbacks and report on monthly basis to SO Finance Department.
Shall do cash counts, reconciliation, pending checks and report to SO on monthly basis.
Establish control for the prevention of waste, fraud, and mismanagement.
On time payment to of tax to MTO account.
Be responsible for correction of errors in report as and when necessary.
Shall participate in all suppliers biding selection committees.
Induction training to newly hired staff (finance) when needed.
Monthly reporting to Finance coordinator related to finance section activities.
In coordination with PMs prepare bimonthly forecast and obtain an approval from AM and then send it to SO finance for final approval.
Request SO for transferring the money from SO to JAA office bank account.
Ensure that the accounting, monitoring and reporting are according to procedures (Finance).
Support project staff in financial matters (Finance).
Ensure development and implementation of administrative systems and procedures.
Ensure that budgeting, financial reporting and other financial processes take place in adherence to Financial Handbook, other NRC policies and donor, auditor and the authorities requirements.
Job Requirements:
BBA in business administration or relevant
Experience from working as a Finance Officer in a humanitarian/recovery context.
At least 3 years work experience in finance field.
Previous experience from working in complex and volatile contexts.
Documented results related to the position’s responsibilities.
Knowledge about own leadership skills/profile.
Fluency in English, both written and verbal.
Personal qualities
Handling insecure environment
Planning and delivering results
Empowering and building trust
Communicating with impact and respect
Language
Dari
Pashto
English
We offer
Monthly Salary based on NRC Afghanistan Salary Scale
Top up Credit card on monthly basis
Leave and Holidays accordingly Afghanistan Labor Law
 
Submission Guideline:
For applying and more information, please copy below link and paste in the web address.
https://www.webcruiter.no/WcMain/AdvertViewPublic.aspx?oppdragsnr=3869023336&culture_id=EN&company_id=23109900&link_source_id=0
Note: All applicants are supposed to create and properly fill online CV profile in the Webcruiter site, example (personal, education, experience background etc..) and only attaching CV won’t be enough.
 

